{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh15400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 READ ME\
\
EYESCAN\
\
EyeScan.com is a website that allows people to perform retinal scans from their personal computers in order to get a quick diagnosis. The scans are taken through their personal devices' camera and analyzed by the self-learning AI using a specifically developed algorithm with is 98.5% accuracy rate.\
\
PREREQUISITES\
\
The user will only need a device with access to the internet and access to a high resolution webcam. \
\
RUNNING EYESCAN\
\
Visit EyeScan.com and follow the instructions on the page in order to get your first scan. The user has the option of performing a quick and anonymous scan immediately from the homepage. This will ensure the user's data is not uploaded to the server and the AI treats it as an anonymous scan. This will ensure privacy and allows the user to make a personal decision regarding whether they want to share personal information or not. Also, the user can opt to signup and create a profile at EyeScan.com. This is allow the user to see an overview of their health for any specific time period or in general. The user also has the option of adding family members to his profile, and given the other users' approval, they can share their health data with their loved ones also. \
\
BUILT WITH\
\
This website is built with HTML, CSS, and P5.\
\
There has been several open source contributions to this code. Some codes and examples used from w3schools, p5.js reference, The Coding Train, CodePen, Stackoverflow.\
\
AUTHORS\
\
Initial work done by Mazin Chabayta\
\
LICENSE\
\
This is an open source software. All use with the code is permitted.\
\
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS\
\
Thanks to Adam and several cohort for assisting, inspiring and supporting.\
\
}